# terraform-fmt updates files, optionally skipped via flags

**tyron** commented *Aug 9, 2021*

Restore terraform-fmt behaviour from v0.1.11. Fixes #48.

By default, changes are written back to source files as usual for pre-commit hooks, but can be optionally disabled by providing a `--no-autofix` flag to terraform-fmt.
<br />
***


**tyron** commented *Aug 15, 2021*

@brikis98 , @yorinasub17 please let me know if this is OK to be reviewed, or if you'd prefer that we don't revert the default behaviour -- rather just expose the flag to switch to the old one.
***

**joshmyers** commented *Feb 10, 2022*

Any movement on this? Seems a few folks would like old behavior
***

**mleuthold** commented *Feb 11, 2022*

Just my 2cents:

I thought with 1.1.17 this would have been fixed by now. Because it is not, I will still continue using 0.1.11 for auto format files.
***

**ysawa0** commented *Mar 22, 2022*

+1 on this change. Printing the diff is not as useful as auto-correcting the styling. 
***

**ad-m-ss** commented *Mar 31, 2022*

Is there anything what I can do to make that change happen? 
***

**ad-m-ss** commented *Mar 31, 2022*

If anyone interested that change can be easily tested eg. via:

```
- repo: https://github.com/gruntwork-io/pre-commit
  rev: 837cfa83f27ec2dd4a4c6860b2a6ca9392642fe0
  hooks:
    - id: terraform-fmt
    - id: terraform-validate
      exclude: terragrunt/modules
```
***

**sanguis** commented *Jun 14, 2022*

while this is not complete its better then the current fuctionality
***

**ayk33** commented *Sep 26, 2022*

Can we get some traction on this. The previous functionality is much nicer.
***

**Fez29** commented *Jan 4, 2023*

Also waiting on this functionality
***

